feat(2346): Support for job level parameters (#512)
screwdriver-cd/screwdriver-cd.github.io: docs/user-guide/configuration/parameters.md

parameters:
    nameA: ["value1", "value2"]
```
## Scope
Parameters can be defined at two scopes:
 - Pipeline

>     - Parameters defined at pipeline level is available to all the jobs
>  - Job
>     - Parameters defined at job level is exclusively available to that job.
>     - Parameter with the same name defined at different jobs does not conflict.
>     - When a parameter with the same name is defined at both pipeline and job levels, value at job supercedes the value at pipeline.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - Parameters defined at pipeline level are available to all the jobs
 - Job
    - Parameters defined at job level are exclusively available to that job
    - Parameters with the same name defined at different jobs do not conflict
    - When a parameter with the same name is defined at both pipeline and job levels, value at job scope supercedes the value at pipeline scope
```
